.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii logc_defines.3
.TH LOGC_DEFINES 3 "October 2009" Linux "User Manuals
.SH NAME
logc_defines \- nglogc define switches
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR nglogc
provides two types of define switches to control the behaviour of logging at preprocessor time.

The first type is for the FILE, LINE and FUNCTION makros to have more detailed logging output.
These makros are available for each log function. With enabled makro the information
.I "filename:linenumber function -"
is put in front of the log message.
.SS "LOGC_HAVE_FLF"
Enables the FILE, LINE, FUNCTION makro for each log function.
.SS "LOGC_HAVE_FLF_BASIC"
Enables the FILE, LINE, FUNCTION makro for all log functions dedicated to the log level LOG_BASIC.
.SS "LOGC_HAVE_FLF_WARNING"
Enables the FILE, LINE, FUNCTION makro for all log functions dedicated to the log level LOG_WARNING.
.SS "LOGC_HAVE_FLF_INFO"
Enables the FILE, LINE, FUNCTION makro for all log functions dedicated to the log level LOG_INFO.
.SS "LOGC_HAVE_FLF_FINE"
Enables the FILE, LINE, FUNCTION makro for all log functions dedicated to the log level LOG_FINE.
.SS "LOGC_HAVE_FLF_FINEST"
Enables the FILE, LINE, FUNCTION makro for all log functions dedicated to the log level LOG_FINEST.


The second type of defines is to enable or disable complete log messages that they are not
linked. With these defines log messages could completely removed without any changes in
the source code. Only the functions with the log level in their names are affected, functions
with a log level as parameter could not be undefined. It is recommended to use the first type
of log functions to be able to use this feature. Also all log and error log functions with the log
level LOG_BASIC could not be undefined. Note that the log and error log functions with the
log level LOG_FINE and LOG_FINEST are not enabled per default. Because these functions
are intended for debug logging and in this way no define is needed for productive software to
disable these logs.
.SS "LOGC_DISABLE_WARN"
Disables all log and error log functions with the log level LOG_WARNING and LOG_INFO.
.SS "LOGC_DISABLE_WARN_ERRS"
Disables all error log functions with the log level LOG_WARNING and LOG_INFO.
.SS "LOGC_DISABLE_WARN_LOGS"
Disables all log functions with the log level LOG_WARNING and LOG_INFO.
.SS "LOGC_ENABLE_LOW_LEVEL"
Enables all log and error log functions with the log level LOG_FINE and LOG_FINEST.
.SS "LOGC_ENABLE_LOW_LEVEL_ERRS"
Enables all error log functions with the log level LOG_FINE and LOG_FINEST.
.SS "LOGC_ENABLE_LOW_LEVEL_LOGS"
Enables all error log functions with the log level LOG_FINE and LOG_FINEST.
.SH "BUG REPORT"
For bugreporting write a mail to ebrosius@netgarage.org or use the issues tracker on the project
hosting site http://code.google.com/p/nglogc
.SH COPYRIGHT
nglogc is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License,
or (at your option) any later version.
.SH AUTHOR
Dennis Krzyzaniak <ebrosius@netgarage.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR logc_logError (3),
.BR logc_logArray (3),
.BR logc_log (3),
.BR logc_logEnter (3),
.BR logc_configuration (3),
the project site http://netgarage.org
