.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii logc_logEnter.3
.TH LOGC_LOGENTER 3 "October 2009" Linux "User Manuals
.SH NAME
logc_logEnter, logc_logLeave \- nglogc trace logging
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <nglogc/log.h>
.sp
.BI "logc_error_t"
.br
.BI "logc_logEnter("
.in +4n
.BI "uint16_t " ident ", const char* " function
.br
.BI ");"
.in
.BI "logc_error_t"
.br
.BI "logc_logLeave("
.in +4n
.BI "uint16_t " ident ", const char* " function
.br
.BI ");"
.in
.SH DESCRIPTION
The functions
.BR logc_logEnter()
and
.BR logc_logLeave
are used for trace logging. These functions have no log level as argument, the log level is
LOG_FINEST. The functions are disabled per default and must be enabled with a define switch. See
.BR logc_defines (3).
.SS "Parameters"
.I ident
.in +4n
Identifier of the logger which must be registered first.
.in
.I function
.in +4n
The function which is entered or leaved.
.in
.SS "Return value"
Upon successful return, these functions return LOG_ERR_OK which is an uint32_t type and has the
decimal value 0. In error cases these errors can be returned:
LOG_ERR_NULL the format string is a NULL pointer.
LOG_ERR_NOT_FOUND invalid logger ID.
LOG_ERR_LEVEL log message is not processed because of the log level of the logger.
.SH "BUG REPORT"
For bugreporting write a mail to ebrosius@netgarage.org or use the issues tracker on the project
hosting site http://code.google.com/p/nglogc
.SH COPYRIGHT
nglogc is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License,
or (at your option) any later version.
.SH AUTHOR
Dennis Krzyzaniak <ebrosius@netgarage.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR logc_logError (3),
.BR logc_logArray (3),
.BR logc_log (3),
.BR logc_configuration (3),
.BR logc_defines (3),
the project site http://netgarage.org
